Upgrade the docs for Knative Operators (#4820)
knative/docs: docs/install/operator/configuring-serving-cr.md

# Configuring the Knative Serving Operator custom resource

> Knative Serving can be configured with the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure Knative Serving with the following options:
```

!!! important
    The Knative Operator only permits upgrades or downgrades by one minor release version at a time. For example, if the current Knative Serving deployment is version v0.22.0, you must upgrade to v0.23.0 before upgrading to v0.24.0.

## Install customized Knative Serving

The Operator provides you with the flexibility to install Knative Serving customized to your own requirements. As long
as the manifests of customized Knative Serving are accessible to the Operator, you can install them.

There are two modes available for you to install customized manifests: _overwrite mode_ and _append mode_. With
overwrite mode, you must define all manifests needed for Knative Serving to install because the Operator will no
longer install any default manifests. With append mode, you only need to define your customized manifests. The
customized manifests are installed after default manifests are applied.

**Overwrite mode:**

You can use overwrite mode when you want to customize all Knative Serving manifests.

> For example, if you want to install Knative Serving and istio ingress and you want customize both components, you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you want to install Knative Serving and Istio ingress and you want customize both components, you can
```
